Update, 12 October: OH WOW, people! I can't believe this hit the goal with six days to spare! Thank you all so much! For anyone who comes by and was thinking of pledging, the option is still there until 5:04 PM on 17 October. If you want the lower calendar price and no shipping charges, or if any of the rewards tickle your fancy, they're still available through Kickstarter until Monday afternoon. Any money raised over the $3000 will go toward expediting printing/shipping turnaround time, so you can get your stuff faster, and toward making the print run larger (if there is demand)."San Franthropomorphism"?I can hope this odd portmanteau caught a few of your eyes and caused you to click through! The gist of this project is San Francisco and anthropomorphism. These are my interpretations of what many of San Francisco's major landmarks would look like (and act like) if they were humans. Anthropomorphism as an artistic and literary device goes waaay back, so why not extend it to some of the structures and icons whose personalities contribute so much to the character of the larger City?Thanks to Burrito Justice for coining the term and then letting me run with it.Why San Francisco, then?Because I'm madly and hopelessly in love with the place, and I know I'm not the only one. Even those who are not so infatuated as I am have to admit it's a pretty darn picturesque city.Ok, wording aside, what is this project?It's a 2012 calendar featuring drawings of personified landmarks in their setting within the cityscape. It's kind of a send-up of those calendars of pretty pictures of famous landmarks that you see in every gift shop in any city: that kind of scenery, but replacing the actual landmark with a human character based on that landmark. Since this is a San Francisco calendar specifically, in addition to including all the standard US holidays, it will also have key dates in the City's history included in the day grid itself. The final print size will be 8.5x11 inch pages - 11x17 once it's unfolded. The prints will be in full color on glossy paper, with a glossy cardstock cover. They'll be bound with a staple and have a hole punched in the top for ease in hanging. They will not be individually shrink-wrapped, because that's not green at all, and this is San Francisco.If I pledge to this project, where does the money go?The vast majority of the money I'm asking for goes to printing fees. I'm going for a professional-looking calendar, not the template-with-home-photos look. My initial plan is to do a print run of 500 copies. If funding is wildly successful and demand looks higher than I anticipate, any money over the initial $3000 will go to printing more copies.As for the rest of the money, some will go to shipping calendars and incentives to backers, or shipping calendars to brick-and-mortar stores for distribution. Some will go to production of the pledge incentives. Some will also go toward art supplies, since full-color marker drawings can burn through a lot of ink. The last bit will go toward fees charged by Kickstarter and Amazon for successful projects.If the project does not reach the funding goal, you will not pay a cent, no matter how much you may have pledged.