The IdeaThe Wooden Warbirds project is about using the latest in laser and computer technology to create laser-cut / laser-etched wood works of art that showcase some of the premiere fighter aircraft from World War II. The aircraft art pieces will come in two initial sizes - a small (~6" nose to tail) and large (~12" nose to tail).  Each piece will be cut from baltic birch sheets either 1/4" or 1/8" thick (whichever proves to provide the best look) and etched with intricate detail - not just a silhouette!When I first saw what a laser cutter could do with wood and other materials, images of aircraft silhouettes came to mind.  When I saw a physical sample of the detail these machine could produce, the idea of combining that intricate detail with the precision cutting ability became too much to resist.  Enter Wooden Warbirds.Plan of ActionSix aircraft have been identified, and with the help of the good folks at warbirddepot.com (Mark Watt, Doug Fisher and Jim Buckel) I've got some amazing source images to work from.  Note - when the project is funded (hopefully with your help!) each piece will be etched with credit to the photographer whose source image formed the basis of the work.Your contribution to this project will help Wooden Warbirds take flight!The aircraft lineup is as follows (note these are mockup images) to give a conceptual view of what a completed piece would look like:






P-51 Mustang






F4U Corsair






Spitfire






YAK-3






BF109






ZeroRewards - Actual Aircraft Artwork!I designed the rewards for this project specifically to ensure that as many backers as possible get tangible pieces of artwork created directly by the project. Every
 backer who pledges $5 or more will receive an exclusive Kickstarter 
medallion laser-cut from the same material used for the aircraft pieces.
 
Backers who go to the $25 level and beyond will receive their very 
own laser-cut aircraft works.  Check out the aircraft above again and 
pick the one you like the most!  Your support will make it happen.
NOTE - Rewards are estimate delivery of DEC 2011, not DEC 2012What the $$ is ForFunds from this project will assist in the purchase of the laser cutter, the wood medium (baltic birch) and shipping costs.  A certain level of success may allow for the purchase of a larger / higher-wattage laser (fingers crossed!)Epilog Laser has a variety of affordable and extremely capable laser cutting machines.  The minimum unit I have my eye on is the MINI 18:






The level of detail these units can produce is shown below:






KICKSTARTER - ALL or NOTHINGAs many of you know, Kickstarter projects are all or nothing.  Your pledge will only happen if the project meets its funding goal.  This is why your contribution is so important - please consider backing and please pass the link to friends, family or anyone else who might be interested!THANK YOU!Thank you for checking out my project and considering a pledge.  You'll definitely hear from my if you do pledge!  You can make these works of art a reality!